#### 原版
Good morning, professors! It is really my honor and pleasure to have the chance to be here. I’m Wang Ziyu, a senior student from University of Electronic Science and Technology of China.I major in Computer Science and Technology.

Throughout my college journey, I have recognized the importance of mastering professional courses.Therefore, I dedicate time and effort to studying these subjects, achieving scores of 85 or above in many of the major courses, resulting in a GPA of 3.8.

To broaden my perspective, I participated in Contemporary Undergraduate Mathematical Contest in Modeling and won the first prize of Sichuan Province. Furthermore, I also participated in the American College Student Mathematical Modeling Competition and won the Honorable Mention. This experience allowed me to apply my theoretical knowledge in a practical setting.

In addition, I am actively involved in various projects. For example, when I was a sophomore, I participated in an innovation and entrepreneurship project for college students. I believe that participating in different projects helps improve my personal abilities.

In my free time, I enjoy participating in additional activities. I served as the president of a student club for one year, and I gained a lot of happiness from holding activities with my classmates.

I studied hard during my undergraduate years and gained many achievements. Looking to the future, I hope I'll have in-depth study in the postgraduate stage.I hope to continue to deepen my research in the field of machine learning at UESTC, especially in reinforcement learning., I would spare no effort to do scientific research.

That's all. Thanks for your attention!
#### 改版默写
Good morning,professors!it's really my honor and pleasure to have the chance to be here.i'm wang ziyu,a senior student from university of electronic science and technology.i major in computer science and technology.
throughout my college journey, i have recognized the importance of professional courses.therefore, I focused so much  time and effort on studying these courses that I had an average score of 86 and a GPA of 3.8.
to broaden my perspective, i participated in contemporary undergraduate mathmatical modeling contest and won the first prize of the sichuan province.furthermore ,i participated in American college student mathmatical modeling competition and won the honorable mention,which  allowed me to apply my theoretical knowledge in practical setting.
in addition ,i actively took part in various projects.for example,when i was sophomore,  i participated in an innovation and enterpreneurship project.i believe that participating in different projects can help improve my abilities.
in my free time, i enjoy taking part in additionals activities,i served as the president of a student club for one year. i gained a lot of happiness from holding activities with my classmates.
i studyed hard during my undergraduate years and gained many achievement.looking to future, i hope i will acquire new knowledge in the postgruduate.if i have the chance to study at the university of electronic science and technology in the future,i would spare no effort to do my research.
that's all,thanks for your attention.